today I want to talk about my big
sending bath mats
I liked the color I liked what
the course is 10 high and cost about 4000
tenge that is it is about 800 rubles
if the ruble again our surprise our
as if producing but in China it is with us
190 sat at listello
13 air create rubberized mat
8 it is good quality can say y
we are so little more expensive not too
the difference is big but still more expensive and here
so here for the toilet this comedian and
latest model for toilet lid
and there are there other colors I ordered
blues before that we had such bright
bright
I'm sick of being the end and xer at so
from the times I chose darkened
china jeans bright with big discount
they were in the tenge metric
even in my opinion there is not 1999 how well
always something good in principle
for them reviews there and I also ordered them
should have been so short
ankle on the model if anyone is interested
the guys were flying take a look but I took
on tall and me basically
looks like ordinary jeans then
there will be sandals with ballet shoes
good enough
such a light bleached material is it
us in almost one hundred percent cotton
98 percent medium density cotton
good quality
what they liked me but above all those
that high landing usually we if
You take on a small size on 46 jeans
more often it is low water landing
we wear jeans too low waist
I somehow do not really like understated either
because here as if there was no figure
good bad anyway with us here
there are some fairy tales and then all this
us
ugly stick out like this and it is not
Here is a high waist size 38 but in
Basically, I would say even more
tags i feel uncomfortable well
felt that it might still smaller
was i know how we would not be sitting 36
size may be good for 38
but they are a little too big so
will need to wear a strap so very
it is ok but we are here you are
Feel that would be a leg
they are still free from me and tried
elect you on it end believe me measure
show you see water here
pockets with buttons go the name of it
brand and at the end doujinshi
bottom narrowed and here here is the lightning
there can stretch into this part
wrap and so on like you
like well, generally good jeans with
skipochka very good option is not
I didn’t like it
like I ordered a bone before
This took mom similar and thought that
will be .
I am big because my mother came
a large mark will be a terrible long and
nothing good is not expected, and very
happy eaters you che I think you're
doom don't expect to get so good
how would you get the goods when double
joy is such a bone all very
I recommend it very pleasant it is pleasant to
body size 56 years eight production
Bangladesh is such a nice gray color
composition of percent interest one hundred percent
polyacryle she polyacryl on tuesday too
different here I am burning shown ribs
check the bone there is another
quality is more subtle and some
is more dense
polyacryl means on chinta trunk
even said why so soft here
resemble wool very pleasant to the body
I have such a short dress plan
blue with pockets enemies now I have
we love her subbotin I feel in it
yourself comfortable here in this pack top than
I liked the fact that they are perfect
and length
and sleeves and will be good and jeans
dress this bone and with a skirt here
Here is such a garter once go everywhere
except before this here here are the braids and on
the sleeves are tied too but sar in
overall very good jacket recommend
there are different colors worth about three with
half thousand tenge
I liked it very much
happy and the last is a white blouse
shirt i'm up to this lawn on mustard
I thought that there would be dust from Pyatakov about
braid but the quality there is a little bit different
there now if you saw my videos i
laundry shirt she used
she is firstly the length of this shirt and under
the fabric there is more so tough more
dense crawl to softer and peace noggin
shorter looks very nice and with
pants and jeans and naturally with
classic somehow suit with a skirt
it's just an ordinary shirt and no
shelter edge rounded side and quality
composition learn there is a spare button
composition 72 percent cotton 28 more
acrylic 2 elastane size I took 38 not
perfect production time too
bangladesh
Here are my purchases in this issue
I was also at a discount somewhere worth
whether in my opinion 2 700 tenge something
I really liked for a long time wanted
blouse white times
paper plan and so it was
there was quite an order now you look in
at the end of the video I will put in all the best
to new meetings thank you for your attention
subscribe to my channel bye